yeehaw hello my friends this is Oh mr.
Joker here doing a few on the journey
from the Dukes of Hazzard show a movie
whatever I do okay so yeah under review
on the more patrol car of the generally
okay turn it on the type of detail of
the garner of that Judge well here as
his famous icon on the side of the door
or one nice handle hey nice nice detail
there um the wheels very nice detail two
very nice and wheels are rubber I mean
is it's plastic they have that they put
water over it so I wish it was all over
boho so nice I might hear he'll head
right here now it's not stick herb
actually sculpt it no I'm sculpt it in
and paint it so very nice
that's so very nice there same here wet
though very nice here window very nice
on the earth side same thing wet their
tires the delco off that such nice 102
and if you didn't notice that you see
the old so I here in one's right here on
this side why if you turn it though
always right here in the ones right here
so it's on different so it's different
side is switched off you know different
side single so I didn't know that till
after I got this at the yeah tap I got
this right here on the when right here
on the UM oh jeez I forgot was but why
here is very nice um windshield right
right there very nice wipers nice detail
here and right here if you notice
there's a bit dirt well I got this at
the free market five months ago um it
cost me five bucks and if you pray on
gain this guy it'd be worth fifty bucks
for a brand new so I'm afraid uh key I'm
right here you notice a gas tank that's
gas tank right here no you unscrew it
turn the gas here and right here
laughter nice rack on top of the roof
I'm on top of the car here nice fat
generally generally very nice the drag
good detail go in front of the car like
you see you see the bumper here very
nice bumper move after to me like I'm
part of a nice the light these rights
your taxi light up but i can't show it
because i don't have the berries for
this car here so I'm so sorry if you
can't see that but I'm so sorry but okay
I here we have the license plate but
nothing this white there as you can see
and go to the back side we got the
lights here decent light up the trunk if
you can't see is if its coffin but you
know you can't open because it smoke
trocar I'll tell you why show you why I
mean very nice bumper on the back
assaults pipes very nice and you see
the license plate here and sexually a
sticker and says c8c NH 3 20 kausar um
tray Hazzard County the city is that the
city the shows and so yeah yeah very
nice there now in this they give you a
top view of it very nice yeah very nice
going to show you one thing that comes
to aya and you know it's a town here
yeah and here's the remote control for
the car very nice this is to mobile just
to move it this to side side this is to
go forward and right here it spins very
nice oh no off and the thing is I do
have the bags for this car but I don't
have to bash for this because they're
this these are not the way so i thought
they take the bait this takes the race
but takes one of this huge big battery
so that kind of sucks um like here on
right here very nice and you see you can
move the wheels right there so very nice
nice detail here and the famous matching
you can't open the door sir the hatch
here you know you can't open the trunk
here chunk here net or the doors because
its mojo car and if you do open them all
you will see is this can you see this is
the parts in that but yeah but still
very nice very cool the car i do want to
get though a small scale it's the UM the
Bluesmobile from the bruce butters the
witch on 1988 dan Aykroyd John Belushi I
really want to get that car looks very
nice i always loved that car from there
oh my gosh I just love that car but this
would do very nice though I did like the
show not the movie so they suck but hope
you like them a few
I'll see you next time and see you
around Rene Gube do yah All Right see
your friends bye